Aha/lossless process logs (#576)
scireum/sirius-biz: src/main/java/sirius/biz/process/README.md

doesn't actually run or perform any work, it rather is used to report and record whats happening.

The main entry point to this API is [Processes](Processes.java). The framework distinguishes two kinds of
processes. "Normal" ones which are started while executing a background task like a 
[batch job](../jobs/batch/BatchProcessJobFactory.java). These are started, one or more tasks are executed on
one or more nodes which use the [ProcessContext](ProcessContext.java) to report and record data. Then finally
the process is completed and done. 

The second kind are **standby processes**. Whenever a background activity is executed which might need to 
report some findings to the user, it can obtain such a process. This will either be re-activated or created 
(one per tenant and type) and then be used to provide a **process context** to report data and messages. 
An example would be a web service which is invoked every once in a while and which needs to notify an 
administrator if an error happens or which needs to log some data.

Note that once a **process context** is setup, it is also installed as **TaskContext**. Therefore other

> frameworks (down to classes in sirius kernnel) can interact with the process (e.g. stop processing once

Reviewer: ```suggestion
frameworks (down to classes in [sirius kernel](https://github.com/scireum/sirius-kernel)) can interact with the process (e.g. stop processing once
```

the process is aborted).

The framework uses **Elasticsearch** as underlying database as it highly depends on its flexible storage

> and effeicient search capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and efficient search capabilities.
```
